all right Jay you're up me I'm going to
do plates and patches and that cut some
box number 50 was that one and I signed
your box Jay so here we go you've opened
us before you ever know no I haven't
okay its one box tops and a pack of
cards I couldn't remember here's the hit
Brady Quinn colt mccoy okay patch nice
Brady Quinn amazing yeah 2 3 99 that's
nice hold the 101 in that big roof rake
of that card why they may have made more
than one but no I'm the one of the
versions with the reebok what's red mean
299 for 90 k 100 on that Matt Forte yep
50 to 99 close enough Antonio Brown 50
and hits Mickey Shuler and a Redemption
a wasn't Nicky 249 plates black 193 we
didn't even get a thing did we I might
have thrown away plates this is actually
a plate this should be a 110 few years
since I've seen that plates but why
wouldn't the plate be in there I'm at
the number 193 yeah 1 93 on here is
taylor mays but that's just in the
commons I don't see a plates black
section so I'm guessing it's just the
common 193 which is taylor mays but it's
probably black plate i'm guessing
somebody let's go we got their stead of
super thick so i don't know what that it
maybe it's a plate patch auto 101 up
Taylor Mays I don't know ron mathews
jersey 12 of 50 and arian foster 499 ok
let us know about how I think you know
me nice i can see what
I have nothing that sub for sub set yeah
all right next up Jay we got the leak
cut cut cut cut up first things first
Joe Joe Karan okay happy Chandler not
Gilmore but Chandler 12 20 happy
Chandler died and wont you know anyone
yep and Hank lacetti one of 10 dido to
implicitly Basketball Hall of Fame and
happy Chandler Baseball Hall of Fame to
name cuts for you all right there you
have it man appreciate it jay is always
buddy and let's figure out what that
black plate is all about so you